Migrate cross-dag-dependencies guide (#1244)
astronomer/docs: concepts/cross-dag-dependencies.md

- **Upstream DAG**: A DAG that must reach a specified state before a downstream DAG can run
- **Downstream DAG**: A DAG that cannot run until an upstream DAG reaches a specified state

The Airflow topic [Cross-DAG Dependencies](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/howto/operator/external_task_sensor.html#cross-dag-dependencies), indicates cross-DAG dependencies can be helpful in the following situations:

- A DAG should only run after one or more datasets have been updated by tasks in other DAGs.
- Two DAGs are dependent, but they have different schedules.
- Two DAGs are dependent, but they are owned by different teams.
- A task depends on another task but for a different execution date.

In this guide, you'll review the methods for implementing cross-DAG dependencies, including how to implement dependencies if your dependent DAGs are located in different Airflow deployments.

> guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

![DAG Dependencies View](/img/guides/dag_dependencies_view.png)

When DAGs are scheduled depending on datasets, both the DAG containing the producing task and the dataset are shown upstream of the consuming DAG.

![DAG Dependencies View Datasets](/img/guides/2_4_CrossGuide_Dependencies.png)

In Airflow 2.4 an additional **Datasets** tab was added, which shows all dependencies between datasets and DAGs.

![DAG Dependencies View Datasets](/img/guides/2_4_Datasets.png)

## Cross-deployment dependencies

It is sometimes necessary to implement cross-DAG dependencies where the DAGs do not exist in the same Airflow deployment. The TriggerDagRunOperator, ExternalTaskSensor, and dataset methods are designed to work with DAGs in the same Airflow environment, so they are not ideal for cross-Airflow deployments. The Airflow API is ideal for this use case. In this section, you'll learn how to implement this method on Astro, but the general concepts are also applicable to your Airflow environments.

> ### Cross-deployment dependencies with Astronomer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cross-deployment dependencies on Astro
```

> To implement cross-DAG dependencies on two different Airflow environments on Astro, follow the steps for triggering a DAG using the Airflow API. Before you get started, you should review [Make requests to the Airflow REST API](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/airflow-api) . When you're ready to implement a cross-deployment dependency, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement cross-DAG dependencies on two different Airflow environments on Astro, follow the steps for triggering a DAG using the Airflow API. Before you get started, you should review [Make requests to the Airflow REST API](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/airflow-api). When you're ready to implement a cross-deployment dependency, follow these steps:
```

1. In the upstream DAG, create a SimpleHttpOperator task that will trigger the downstream DAG. Refer to the section above for details on configuring the operator.

> 2. In the downstream DAG Airflow environment, [create a Service Account](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/ci-cd#step-1-create-a-service-account) and copy the API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Deployment running the downstream DAG, [create an API key](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/api-keys) and copy it.
```

> 3. In the upstream DAG Airflow environment, create an Airflow connection as shown in the Airflow API section above. The Host should be `https://<your-base-domain>/<deployment-release-name>/airflow` where the base domain and deployment release name are from your downstream DAG's Airflow deployment. In the Extras, use `{"Authorization": "api-token"}` where `api-token` is the service account API key you copied in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the upstream DAG Airflow environment, create an Airflow connection as shown in the Airflow API section above. The Host should be `https://<your-base-domain>/<deployment-release-name>/airflow` where the base domain and deployment release name are from your downstream DAG's Airflow deployment. In the **Extras** field, enter `{"Authorization": "api-token"}` where `api-token` is the API key you copied in step 2.
```
